Jahia JMeter performance tests

Introduction
------------

This document quickly explains how to use the JMeter performance scripts available in this directory.

Requirements
------------

- JMeter 2.4 or more recent
- JDK 5 minimum
- A default Jahia 6.5 installation, as delivered by either compiling it from source (including configuration), or
installed with the package installer.

Steps
-----

1. Startup your Jahia server.

2. Make sure you have put JMeter in your path, so you can launch it from anywhere. Here is an exemple for UNIX-based
system :
  export JMETER_HOME=~/java/technologies/jakarta-jmeter-2.4
  export PATH=$JMETER_HOME/bin:$PATH
   You could save this in your .profile or .bash_profile file

3. Launch JMeter from the scripts/jmeter directory but NOT in one of the scripts' subdirectories. This is important
because some scripts depend on the results of others (such as the mixed script depending on create script's results).

4. First let's launch the create users script. You can do this by launching jmeter :

   On Mac OS / Linux :

   jmeter

   On Windows :

   jmeter.bat

5. Then in the File menu, click Load and select the createUsers.jmx script that's located in the createusers directory.

6. Make sure you adjust the variables on the first (top) node. Adjust the CONTEXT and number of users to fit your
platform and requirements.

7. Run the script and wait for it to complete. Usually it's a good idea to keep an eye on Jahia's console to make sure
no errors are present, and in JMeter to look at the aggregate results node to see the progress of the tests as well as
the current performance.

8. Once the script has completed and created all the users, you can load the createACMESites.jmx that's located in the
 createAcmeSitesAndGetSitemaps directory. Again adjust the variables in the top node to make your environment.
 Depending on the number of sites you need to create, this script make take a lot of time to execute. For example,
 creating 40 sites may take a few hours !

9. Once the site creation script has completed, you can then use the more complex ACME Mixed.jmx script located in the
ACME Mixed directory. Here you will want to maybe activate/deactivate some of the tests included in order to fit your
needs. Also, there are more variables that need adjusting, not only at the top level but throughout the different loops.
It is recommended to get familiar with this test as it covers a lot of different usage scenarios.

Others scripts
--------------

There are other tests in the scripts/jmeter directory that focus on specific topics, so feel free to look at them. Some
of them may have some requirements such as creating an ACME site first, so make sure you look at the test first to
understand what the assumptions are.